added FormError and story of it (#53)
aboutbits/react-ui: src/components/form/FormError.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story, Canvas, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import { FormError } from './FormError'

<Meta title="Components/Form/FormError" component={FormError} />

# FormError

This component is a variation of the [Alert](/docs/components-alert-alert--default-story) component.

> Its main purpose is to provide an Alert which goes over to 2 columns, and it is used in combination with the component [SectionContentTwoColumn](/docs/components-section-sectioncontenttwocolumn--default-story).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's main purpose is to show an error in a form. The default style applies `col-span-2`, so that the error message is shown in one line in `SectionContentTwoColumn` forms.
```
